docs(Add sample app): Add sample app (#78)
vispana/vispana: SAMPLEAPP.md

Sample app setup
=============================

> Vispana assume that a application is running with name `default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vispana assumes that an application is running with name `default`.
```

> This project include a sample application that can be deployed to vespa (in docker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project includes a sample application that can be deployed to vespa (in docker).
```
